rfc 612 (#3261)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/product-engineering/engineering/process/releases/index.md

## Release policies

> As of [RFC 612](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gecnsk4mnmf_p9SO4ExICSTC_op-eL2I_kwutHvwSmU/edit) the ownership of the release process has changed.
> The [Release Guild](./release_guild.md) is now the entity that owns the release process. Read more details about release
> responsibilities in the [Releases](./index.md#Releases) section below.

### Releases

> **Sourcegraph minor releases are monthly.**

Reviewer: Begs the question, when will we ever do a major release? And if so, who owns that?

Reviewer 2: It's been years for a major release 😂

I think the proposed change in the title at least prevents from release guild automatically owning the major ones, and is technically correct (to me), which forces the leadership to think about it when we plan to make a major release.

2. Notify the release guild (#release-guild). One of the guild members will respond within 2 working days and confirm if the guild is
   able to perform the patch release.
   1. If the guild SLA is too long or otherwise insufficient, the patch requestor is free to notify the guild and perform the patch as long as the patch meets the overall requirements for a Sourcegraph patch.
      We require that the guild still be notified about any patch requests to be aware of any patches that are currently in progress.
      > In most cases, waiting until the next [full release](#releases) is the best approach.

#### Patch request process

The release guild will evaluate this patch process at the end of Q2 FY23 with the goal to make the patch requestor
the first and primary party responsible to cut the patch ([read more in RFC 612](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gecnsk4mnmf_p9SO4ExICSTC_op-eL2I_kwutHvwSmU/edit)). Some critiera that we will use to measure success
will be:

> 1. No significant disruption to the overall customer upgrade experience

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Only include absolute necessary changes to address issues introduced in the corresponding minor release, and no disruption to the overall customer upgrade experience.
```

I'd like frame it the other way around, WDYT?
